data: bands.csv
column_1: numerical
column_2: numerical
column_3: categorical
column_4: categorical
column_5: categorical
column_6: categorical
column_7: categorical
column_8: categorical
column_9: categorical
column_10: categorical
column_11: categorical
column_12: categorical
column_13: categorical
column_14: categorical
column_15: categorical
column_16: categorical
column_17: categorical
column_18: categorical
column_19: categorical
column_20: categorical
column_21: numerical
column_22: numerical
column_23: numerical
column_24: numerical
column_25: numerical
column_26: numerical
column_27: numerical
column_28: numerical
column_29: numerical
column_30: numerical
column_31: numerical
column_32: numerical
column_33: numerical
column_34: numerical
column_35: numerical
column_36: numerical
column_37: numerical
column_38: numerical
column_39: numerical
column_40: target
format: comma
