data: autism-adult-dataset.csv
column_1: categorical
column_2: categorical
column_3: categorical
column_4: categorical
column_5: categorical
column_6: categorical
column_7: categorical
column_8: categorical
column_9: categorical
column_10: categorical
column_11: numerical
column_12: categorical
column_13: categorical
column_14: categorical
column_15: categorical
column_16: categorical
column_17: categorical
column_18: numerical
column_19: categorical
column_20: categorical
column_21: target
format: comma