data: chronic_kidney_disease_full.csv
column_1: numerical
column_2: numerical
column_3: categorical
column_4: categorical
column_5: categorical
column_6: categorical
column_7: categorical
column_8: categorical
column_9: categorical
column_10: numerical
column_11: numerical
column_12: numerical
column_13: numerical
column_14: numerical
column_15: numerical
column_16: numerical
column_17: numerical
column_18: numerical
column_19: categorical
column_20: categorical
column_21: categorical
column_22: categorical
column_23: categorical
column_24: categorical
column_25: target
format: comma
