data: bank-additional-full.csv
column_1: numerical
column_2: categorical
column_3: categorical
column_4: categorical
column_5: categorical
column_6: categorical
column_7: categorical
column_8: categorical
column_9: categorical
column_10: categorical
column_11: numerical
column_12: numerical
column_13: numerical
column_14: numerical
column_15: categorical
column_16: numerical
column_17: numerical
column_18: numerical
column_19: numerical
column_20: numerical
column_21: target
format: semicolon